SPCTR-3487: Fix - Inline-Notice title is not in  full width with Firefox browser (#3594)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Inline Notice - Resolved an issue wherein the title width is not full in Firefox browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Inline Notice - Resolved an issue wherein the title would not appear to be full-width in the Firefox browser.
```

Author: updated.
